cuz when the daylight bend I'll follow
you and if the proving end and driving
off the road when they do they bend I'll
follow you wherever you go a little
bedroom vlog we just want to like talk a
little bit say hi but so here's male my
sister you guys didn't know I know in
the last of all people were like I
thought that was just like your best
friend but she's my little sister and
she's a channel 2 and i'll link it below
but she's entreated anything in a while
on there but hopefully we can get her
too soon but we wanted to do a little
outfit of the day um we're just about to
go out to dinner and I'm just wearing
this top that is from Topshop and I was
like frilly lace all the way down it and
then just 24 inch pearls and then Molly
oh I'm wearing a white shirt this is um
flower detailing on it and it's from
never forever 21 and i'm wearing a james
avery heart necklace so that's basically
what we're doing tonight and i guess we
wanted to talk like what's going on with
us right yeah i mean not that much but
schools about to be out so that'll be
fine very exciting yeah and then i think
this weekend we might go to Dallas
because our grandparents up there so if
you live in the dallas area and you'd be
interested in doing like a meetup or
something or meeting up with us at the
mall like that'd be fun so we really fun
so i guess just let us know and we'll
let you know probably by um then this
week if we're going or not but yeah so
we just want to say hi we hope you guys
are doing well i'll have some new videos
up soon i have one coming up with molly
which i'm not miss fields because i
don't want anyone to know but um some
cute videos that I'm making with Molly
so you'll be seeing her more and yeah
but I guess let's let us know how your
weekend was and if you have any plans
for this weekend and then if you're from
the Dallas area if you'd be interested
in meeting up with Molly night but it
will see you guys soon and thanks for
watching
so this is a quick clip that I films on
30 night before my date with my
boyfriend and I wanted to just add it to
this video
doing a real quick outfit of the day
it's Friday night and I'm going out with
my boyfriend I think we're going to like
dinner and movie or something um but so
i just want to show you what i'm wearing
so i have on this blue dress and it
matches my nails which I just painted on
this kind of dark bluish color with a
little bit of like a green undertone to
it and I think it's OPI yodel me on
myself and I painted them this color for
on a video that I just did called the
look for less or in conrad and i did her
whole outfit and she had kind of dark
nail polish on so i did that and i
really like it and then for my dress
it's kind of the exact same color which
is funny and i believe it got this up
forever 21 a while ago like and I don't
know december or something and brush-up
is showing so yeah it's just like this
really pretty kind of Turk not turquoise
but like um greenish blue color cobalt
II kind of color I guess and it has a
little bit of like a band right here so
like right at the small of your waist
and then just kind of goes out of it I
can smelt you down so okay also you can
see it so yeah that's the dress
something too exciting but it's just
very simple it's very comfortable and
soft so and then this necklace that i
have on it's really pretty it's like
gold with like the rose detailing and
it's really thin it's not really like
heavy or anything it's just from lulu's
which is my favorite online boutiques
and then for iris i just have on david
yurman bracelet and then kind of a stack
of gold bangles to kind of add a little
bit more both into the outfit and then
I'm probably just going to be like they
see Madden nude pumps they're really
comfortable and obviously they don't
really have the gallatin on so they'll
match but you know it's spring time I
just want to be casual and I like the
color of this dress it really kind of
brings out my eyes I don't know if you
can see but I have like kind of greenish
blue eyes so this kind of picks up on
that and of course it matches my nails
and my hair is just straight it's
naturally just as straight I didn't even
blow dry it today and I don't have any
extensions in or anything so this is my
this is the length of my hair without
anything and as you can see it's a lot
thinner without its into
them but you know and then for makeup I
just have on vintage pink for my lips a
foot by Rimmel and then just satin taupe
on the lid in the bit into the crease
black liner and a little bit of blush
that's it so I guess I'll go and I'll
vlog a bit more when I come home oh I'm
pretty bad when I'm bringing it I'm
probably bringing this one but just from
51 it's like my favorite person ever i
got it like two three years ago so it's
lasted a really long time for a frog to
me one quality and it has a big gold
kind of button hot button but like stud
detailing and i just think it kind of
matches with all the bold stuff and a
half going on so that's what I'll be
wearing and I guess we're going to go
and I'll all going to get home right if
you want to see my daily out of the day
check out chick approved calm / partner
/ meganheartsmakeup
cuz when the daylight Ben's I'll follow
you and if the paving in time drive it
off the road when they do they pinned
I'll follow you wherever you go
oh we will